Don't say
You've done so many things that don't make sense
I divorced you and gave you more alimony
You should be content
Be content, don't forget
You know the dowry in my hands
Time of value
Why are you crying and begging me to marry you?
Without me, Ye Cheng is a broken fire
What do you want to do today?
I'm not divorced yet.
I am still Mrs. Ye
husband
The things I did that didn't make sense
You also help me
Why should I write it down?
Husband see clearly
If you see it clearly, kick this bastard out for me
Fool, do we want it?
Broken wall, you didn't see that little wildcat's face
With an excited expression
The show is about to begin
This woman is crazier than the sand
No wonder the sand always feels so sorry for him
Beautiful, I will ask someone to send you back first.
I will definitely give you an explanation for this.
No, nothing else.
Now this is the result I want